[Music]
[Applause] I
thought that loving no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any
corner I thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you you with me I'll invest my life nor
illusions with
you and
I'll win the game the time that was
[Music]
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you
waiting for the moment to have you I
[Music]
me if the world separates I'll stay
with you if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you if you want me to stay I'll
stay
with you things matter to me and
when I smile I turn around I'm with
you I'll invest my life nor
illusions and
[Music]
I'll win the game the time that was
lost I ask every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front of investing my life or
getting your hopes up and I
[Music]
will win the game the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment
to have you I
[Music] in
front of me very good nights handsome What's
up Javi Look why am I going to look
what's up nequi to check the volume I'm
coming from the main channel hello hello hello hello
good how are you How are we Okay my goodness
Javi any woman would want to have a
son like you well eh it's very nice to
see me now it's very nice to see me now
at 38 years old okay But my mother deserves
Eh my mother deserves an altar an altar
with what she's had to endure okay
Eh okay okay tremendous a
moment nothing
nothing man it would be
missing
eh man let's see but well that that that
flirted today here what's going on
lady What's up What's up we
thank trium for your punctuality No it's not
that we thank them  to trium for
punctuality The truth is
that I want to do this which is to react
to Fran's thing I want to do this which is to
react to Fran's thing
and I also want to go to the
youth center for a while Ugh today The truth is that at
full speed at full speed at full speed well every
day the truth is at full speed at full speed I want to
see Fran's thing it costs everything okay
we have seen some extracts there and
there on the main channel with trium
but trium had to leave today because he
is in demand imo he is the best
collaborator that I can see and well
people won't stop
calling him but don't call me lady Jai I
'm 29 I take it really badly well Sara
you are a lady you are pulling my
leg you are pulling my leg You are with the
handsome one up Javi Thank you very much Manuela
normally I have it lowered normally I
have it
[Music]
lowered first place before starting to
watch Fran's video how are we how have you
spent the day I am very high
right no you have to focus a
little here okay first thing first
thing Before starting the
day justice  for God's sake, this little brat ca
n't leave Rosita with what
the family has said and done. Well, we'll
see, we'll see what happens. I have
n't watched television in months with all the
professional channels there are. Thank you very much,
Mary. You look better than with the toupee. Thank you,
Clara. Thank you very much. Let's see. It depends on how
I feel and how I feel. Thank you very much,
man. Thank you very much, man. But what a
joy! Hey, what a joy to get here, you're only throwing compliments at me, really. Huh,
what a joy to get here, you're
only throwing compliments at me. Honestly, I'm
going to be here for 24 hours, huh. I mean,
because you're literally spending all day talking to me. Huh. You're
boosting my
ego, you're boosting my ego, you're all
day talking to me and praising me.
Okay, I'll adjust one thing here and I'll start to comment. Okay, I don't
want to go on too long with the intro,
because we're already coming from somewhere else and I wanted to
comment. Okay, let's see, in parts, the
first thing I want to comment is the
following
and I've said it.  on today's news
but the newscast came up super
late then I'll send you to go to the
newscast the newscast came up super late
and I'm going to say it here okay Watch
24 hours please says
Alberto Oliveira Javi Oliveira
main channel Okay my
main channel Javi Oliveira my
main channel the month of April has been the
most watched channel of all the
gossip channels let's get to the point now let's get to the point
ok congratulations to the rest of my
colleagues too okay numbers incredible
13 and a half million visits mother of
God the mother who gave birth to us on the
main channel 13 million visits on the
main channel which are added to the 3 and a
half million of the salsería and the
3 million and something of telesalseo
okay I'm not going to start juggling here
okay sincerely thank you
thank Isabelita Thank you very much
A kiss thank you Joe for this
spectacular work that he does every month
the truth is that he gets better and
better every time
eh and give Congratulations to all the
rest of the channels okay it seems to me  that they have
some incredible numbers worth
congratulations Speaking clearly because it has 4 and a
half million views that the guy
Never stops working and is there at the foot of the
canyon and every time he releases news
every time there is news eh the
guy is there in half an hour getting you 4 and a
half million views on video
eh on video without live and without shorts
okay
eh And to this one also 24 hours heart
Lucía that it has been many days since I spoke to
her send her a kiss that also 3
million and over here I am seeing that it is already
hearts also 3 and a
half million okay I mean we have to value the
work of all the channels that are
working to bring information okay I have
seen there are people who are trying to
juggle really belittle you should not
look at your neighbor you have to
look at yourself I do not look at your neighbor
because I do not I consider that I do I do not I
consider that in my channels the
same thing is done as in other channels nor am I
competing with anyone nor am I it is that I
am not comparing myself okay No but it is
that we should remove the shorts no but it is that we should remove
but it is because why  You're going to have to
remove the shorts I mean, yes, yes, if
something had to be removed If something had to be removed, you would have to
remove the visits from the
vertical live shows, which are
fake visits And even the Pope knows that
the visits from the vertical shows are
fake visits, damn Tania with 100,000
visits you know but no, we have to
congratulate everyone Javi
Oliveira for being the most viewed
gossip channel, okay, the most viewed channel with 13
million and something Okay, and to Javid Speaking
clearly for being the most viewed in videos without the
need for live shows or short shows, okay And that's it, no, no need to
get down
to it or really And the thing is that in the end,
you know what I'm going to end up Finishing
doing and I'm going to end up doing it as
if people from
other communities keep bothering me saying, Oh but you
but me but such and such, I am very good at what we
do here and what we do on the
main channel and what we do
everywhere and we try every month to
make the best possible content if I
had started competing, well, I would
start here doing seven vertical live shows a day,
which are the visits  these are fake ones
that accumulate okay and I do seven
vertical live shows with a shitty
content to fill and inflate
this but I'm not trying to bring the
best guests the best
edited and documented videos and that's it and
congratulations to everyone for their
work okay It's not that the Shows don't win
the shorts don't monetize the shorts don't monetize the shorts don't the
shorts don't
monetize them Ann the shorts don't monetize them
whoever doesn't have visits I
have a salary in the shorts but a salary that
almost equals one of the channels or so
okay or so in terms of having to
eliminate Joe will have to eliminate
maybe the vertical live shows which are
the fake visits okay But anyway
thanks to everyone because this achievement is
yours this achievement is yours okay
the channel too eh with the live shows with
the highest average of viewers and with
the highest peak of viewers okay
Javi Oliveira first and telesalseo
fourth Congratulations to the others on the
list Mik Vasco incredible because Mik
Vasco neither goes up nor down he
remains
tireless tireless Mik Vasco I mean let's
go I  I signed to have This
average on all channels the one that has
mica Well me and many are worth it alone
she alone with her loyal audience a
hug to our Maica and a hug to
Antonio David too who also continues to
maintain his numbers 3000 4000
views viewers that say okay
brutal brutal okay brutal and also that it
seems [ __ ] crazy to me okay that this that
in the end This is what counts okay
because if you have Maybe a million
subscribers and you don't reach 10,000
views then a problem clearly
there is something bad there no Javi Oliveira
has the two videos
Oliveira has the two most viewed videos
of all the gossip channels this month
and that is so okay one that has almost
half a million views and another that has
almost 300,000 about Justin Bieber okay And
then of course congratulate uncle Shur
who does not go below 100,000 views per
video and that is so okay Congratulations to
uncle Shur Congratulations already with hearts
Congratulations to Sel Congratulations nter Play
and  Congratulations news information that I do
n't know who it is okay but Congratulations to
everyone who is on this list with the
most viewed videos of the month Okay and to
those who are not on this list Okay well
encourage them to keep working and to
be there next month okay And that's it and we
have to be happy for the achievements of the
youtubers damn it that the
competition and the bad guys are the media
traitors and sellouts okay But anyway
thanks family I have to check it out of
the members eh in the members I don't know
if we have a record eh in the members I don't
know if we have a record
okay And okay family Well I wanted to do
this live because the truth is in
a video it was going to be very long and it's
better to do it live to be able to
watch it in its entirety and calmly and without calm Ana
Beatriz is asking me about trium
trium is eh trium has been with me
Now on the main channel but I had an
appointment with Johana okay before that
with me she had an appointment with Johana and and
Javi told me we'll make some time at
99:30 and at 99:30 we connect she
also picked me up with a call that  I
had okay And anyway A mess A mess okay he
caught me in a mess and we started
at 10 minus something and with Trium we were
Today only for an hour and a bit
But anyway Tomorrow I have here here not on
the main channel I have Oh it's just that
something just came to mind that I'm
not going to
tell you It's going it was worth it next week
with a guest that I'm going to bring Oh
my God finger of my heart what they're going to
criticize us family next week what they're
going to criticize us with a guest
that's coming what they're going to criticize us
with a guest that's coming
next week and how we're going to laugh here
with that guest well next week we'll
talk okay I'm not going to give any details
because I don't like to announce
things there are many
days left many days left Still when
the day gets closer I'll tell you okay
but yes I'm going to tell you tomorrow's
tomorrow on the main channel is a
talk with an expert on prisons from
all over the
world okay an expert on prisons from
all over the world don't leave us like this damn yes I'm
going  to leave it like that Pilar I'll announce it on
Monday or around there. Well, you're already
used to the criticism. Well, yes, yes,
honestly. I mean, let's bring in whoever we
bring. eh, let's bring in whoever we
bring. What can I tell you?
Yes,
yes, they're always around and criticizing
and I don't know what it is, like, well, life, eh, what do we do, what do we
do? No. Well, let's see about it.
But that's good, no. That's good,
in part. I couldn't bring Fran, I would
like to see a live show with him. eh, Fran
can come whenever he wants. The truth
is that I don't even usually meet up with
him or invite him or tell him to come.
He almost never takes it and shows up whenever he feels like
it. eh. But anyway, let's see what Fran said today. Let's literally see what Fran said. Let's react. Let's react. What Fran said. What else? eh, what I said, bring whoever you bring. You're
lazy. No. Well, but yes, but that's
true. But that's true.
eh, I'm very interested in the
prison expert. Can you put it on for him tomorrow? Okay, I'll
record it in the morning. I'll record it.  tomorrow
morning okay, I'll probably
join today with tomorrow to record it
and that goes tomorrow at the beginning Okay,
and next week's guests,
really. Ugh, next week's guests are going
to make you laugh a lot. I'm
just telling you that
okay. The more they criticize you, the better you
get. I'm going to put the one who
criticizes me. Well, it's normal, well, it's normal,
but I'm not really going to get involved. I
mean, I don't feel like competition either, let's get down
to business, let's get down to business, let's get down to
business. Javi when do you sleep?
Well, oh, I didn't even sleep today in the morning
and a little in the afternoon.
Also, an expert on prisons around the
world. Maria, tomorrow, tomorrow
that talk is going to be very interesting. It's going to be
interesting. I'll put it on
premiere tomorrow
I'll try to put it at 10:30 or something like that. If they
come up with more than the ones on TV, I'm
going to fall bad. eh, literally I'm going to
fall bad. eh at any moment. eh, I
have a crazy feeling in my head, in my
body, in
life, says Clara. Lolo, I have a feeling it will be
someone from Sálvame. I hope not, I don't
bring it.  here someone from sálvame and don't you see what they're
going to do to us,
no expert in prisons, you're going to bring
Chapo Guzmán, no, they're not going to put the shots
well let's see, let's listen to Fran
cuesta H who brings us
information, brings us information, well
information, he doesn't bring us his opinion, okay,
long awaited, okay But he brings us his
opinion now that the trial is over
and it's set for sentencing and my
Marina it's true and Thank you very
much, handsome Thank you very much, handsome my
Marina Well, we're in contact, I have to
send him an audio because the last
time I told him Tomorrow I'll send you an
audio, I haven't sent it to him He probably
hates me for that,
eh, but Marina, man Marina will come back
here What happens is that it's true that
what happens is that it's true that
what Marina does, the program will surely
take me to the main channel, eh I'll
see it, I'll see it but what
Marina does, I'll surely take me to the
main channel, I'll see it, I'll see it Well,
let's hear Fran's opinion
now that the trial has been set
for sentencing, okay, I was talking on
the main channel with trium reviewing
a little  the last two days
especially if you haven't seen it I recommend
that you watch the live stream that we
did with Trium on the main channel first and
now we're going to hear Fran's opinion
Thanks to everyone who's
coming in remember that subscribing is
completely free eh And becoming a
member only costs 90 cents
buying me a coffee says it all [ __ ]
listen really low dude you can hear it really low
dude
against Daniel Sancho okay you can hear it
well the trial for
the murder and dismemberment
of Edwin Arrieta and and well I was
waiting I've gone to some
pretty good podcasts from quite a few people
two people Okay and wait a minute
mir also has to come back Yeah eh over
there
and And the truth is I haven't done any
live stream or made any videos because I
preferred to wait until it was
over until the
trial was over
okay I've been informing myself during
all this time all this time about the
trial for for for
trun okay
Ah for Speaking clearly and for and for Javi
Oliveira basically okay
Ah these are more or less the three people
who  I have seen more more more
constantly especially because they are the ones who
have the fastest and
most accurate information than I see here in
Thailand there has not been any
information at all, in other words it is a case that the
country does not care about, it has already happened it
was a
very very strong event and one that could give the
country a very bad look and obviously these
things, well, the less said the
better, especially for tourism.
Well in fact uh I was commenting
the other day and you have an extract here on
telesalseo about another event that took
place in Thailand okay near
the area where where
well no not exactly
close No the truth is that it is a couple of
hours eh But well in Bangkok okay They have not
caught the suspects yet I don't
know I don't know Even if they have not
identified them look at what I am telling you no
but there is an event of another
dismemberment in addition they are two
Japanese who are supposed to have killed
another Japanese and they have scattered them around there through
some streets that are like half a
field okay Javi cover Fran's face
Okay then we leave it like that we leave it like that
okay let's
see  realize that for
Thais this is not a
media thing, I mean, it was media-related at the
time it was news. Imagine that
here in Spain that happens, right? How much
news is there every day, I mean, on
Twitter I constantly see a ton
of news about m Oh, well, I don't know who
breaks into I don't know what store and
stabs someone or Well, I don't know who, you
know, you hear all the, every
day you hear about cases when, no,
maybe not murders, but maybe
rapes, assaults, a
lot of things, robberies, okay. And then
in Thailand, well, it was news at the
time it was news and during
the investigation. Okay, so, one
more news item, I don't know if maybe I think that they
mention it on some news program
like there, but it's not a big deal, it's not a big
deal, it's media-related here because he's
the son of an actor and because here
people are like, super, giving
the case a lot of hype, no, but as I said, uh, I've been
watching these three
podcasts, the Trium one, the Hablando
Claro one, and Javi's one
oliveira and the truth is that more or less you
can say that it is the best
or most truthful information that you can go on,
that you can go on taking, no then there are
other podcasts that are trying to
defend Daniel Sancho from this and that,
I believe that Daniel Sancho
personally
eh has no defense whatsoever, that is to say,
nobody there is no sufficient cause in this
life to kill someone and
dismember them okay Eh then from
my point of view Uf
Today there are people who defend Daniel
Sancho okay I can respect
all the opinions of everyone of
course okay then there are things that I
cannot understand
okay eh I mean I can respect opinions
okay another thing is that I can
understand okay I do not understand Axel's position
okay I do not understand
Axel's position nor do I understand some things from the
son sole program okay
eh I Axel's position that seems to be
taking it so personally
that his life is going into
it I respect him He is a companion Okay
but no I cannot understand it, I mean I
cannot understand that Axel has risked
a lawsuit today okay or has risked A
mess today leading to a  supposed witness
that they have rejected in court and who
has started saying the
barbarities of Win Arrieta that if he
was being investigated or by I don't know
what NGO for organ trafficking I don't know what
of minors
eh my goodness of course you have to have a lot of
AT to take someone to your channel to
say those things okay
eh I don't understand I don't understand I mean they
are witnesses that also I don't know the truth I
mean I don't understand if I don't know the truth I don't
understand okay everyone can have their
opinion eh I mean you can think that in
this story eh you can think
that you can think that
Daniel Sancho's version is real there are people who believe in the in
the Three Wise Men I mean in the end you
are not the
owner let's see you are not the owner no How would
the word be I mean you are not to
blame for what you believe yourself You
believe yourself there are people who are more innocent less
innocent there are people who have some
beliefs and another I mean but really there are
things that do not have
much more turn there are things that are very
transparent no and very white and in
bottles But well each one is  in their
right to believe and think what they
want eh
I all the people who have been
defending anything other than their family I
really don't understand Okay no I don't
understand one thing is to have empathy with
the family and another thing is
eh to get out of touch with reality and the reality
is that there is a person who appeared
in pieces distributed throughout an island and there is
another person who is the one who did it
So I don't think there is a
sufficient reason in this life to do that
to anyone okay this This is
very important that you keep in mind
I Exactly María José says there are people who
believe Loli Huerta Well I don't think there are
people who believe her eh I think there are
people who follow her for other
reasons and who go along with it For other
reasons ha Well look at Inmaq don't see the
things she says and she also talks about you that they've
messed with your head etcetera Well I don't
know who she is Well I don't know who she is but
well we send her a kiss No I make
statements from time to time I say
things that sound better than they sound
worse But
but this is my opinion
okay later  The trial has been very
media-driven, it started well, for
a few months things have been pretty
calm, but then it
started again with a lot of force. Okay, it
started off very strongly on the
part of the defense. Personally, I
think they made a
mistake. Look, they made the right decision and they
got what they wanted. It
seems good to me because the defense
has to defend the
client and even if it seems better
or worse to some or others, I think the
most important thing is that it is clear that
the lawyers defend him, it is logical, in other words,
lawyers have to do that. So
the lawyers until the
end, of course, that is logical. What is not
logical are other things, a trial, that is
justice and if the defense is capable of
getting the best for their client.
Well, look, their
balls. On the other hand, I tell you, I think they made a
big mistake by putting on a brutal media circus. It
was not necessary to do that, it was not
necessary and there will be no help. I
mean, many people think that by
putting on a
media circus, they will get a sentence for
another.  and I also understand that many people
will say hey when you had the case of your
ex-wife
you put together a media circus they have
told her well in some way it was not a
media circus it was
simply a different case here there was
no death or
dismemberment
eh And I put together a media circus if you
want to call it that but once there was
a trial here there are many
people who think that the judges that the
prosecutors that the lawyers that the
people in Thailand are [ __ ]
eh other people think that they are
corrupt And well there will be everything there will be
[ __ ] and there will be corrupt people okay it
is a country where corruption is
obviously known that it jumps over
many levels But well this
was a quite important case for
Thailand and as I tell you the
media point that they have tried to make
with erroneous translations and I repeat
erroneous translations of things that
lawyers have said and that prosecutors have said
and such and such Well it surprised me
because one thing was translated and when you
heard it in Thai
eh it sounded another I mean the meaning
was not the  that he was
taking it out on the
other hand there are many many
stories and I don't know if I should call them hoaxes
because today the word hoax is already
a very rare thing but let's call them
and I don't know urban legends no because there are
many people who are saying things that are
not true that I will be unraveling
little by little
okay When the trial began there was Well that
the media uproar arrived the
father of the accused arrived with
people will you forgive me will you
forgive me will you forgive me eh I keep
listening to Fran I am very interested in
his
opinion But the thing is that I am seeing that there are
more than 3000 people here and there are only
1000 likes I am missing 2000 Have you
lost Have you lost let's see let's take
a look in the little pockets Have
you lost let's take a bacilli in the and
such or
what have we lost let's see yes yes yes there are
2000 missing Who hasn't
removed them Who hasn't removed them that was
also said by tuyupa let's see  eh Yes there is a
lot of film there is a lot of film there is a
lot of film there is a lot of film many
times and a lot of speculation okay for me the
thing about the bribery and the
strange things no And this is good This last thing
that happened to me has seemed a little bit
scary eh yes there were some things
maybe that could have seemed
strange to me but then as
the days have gone by it has seemed a
little bit scary I don't know if you
agree but
the issue of there being a bribe a little bit scary for
the judge the prosecutor to start with him with the
lawyer a town everyone knows each other and even more
when you work in the same circle no
in the end yes it seemed a little bit
scary to me well mine has been transported since I joined
well they have gone up a little
but I am still missing there eh Let's see it
is free eh that nothing happens because you
give it to him let's keep listening to Fran
okay family I am reading you too
Although you think that I am not I am reading you
in the chat because I am very interested in
your opinion because here Well before I
was with tro and I could not be
debating with you but  here since we
are alone with Fran we can stop the
video whenever we want you can give your
opinion and I'll read you you can even send
an audio if you want there you have the
visa number okay which is not only in case
someone wants to send a visa you
can send an audio if you want to give your opinion
on the subject watch out with respect eh with respect
and without saying nonsense and above all
because we are talking about a serious subject
eh whoever says something outrageous in one of
those audios I will block them okay but there you
have the number that is to send
bisom and in case you want to give your opinion with an
audio you can
also eh to m firstly what I will
tell you is that from the point of view of
the family of this boy of the
accused it seemed very strange to me
that all the leading voice is
the father and that the mother was
removed to according to what they said to the last row
and and practically they did not spit on her
okay watch this part watch this
part that Comment okay because you do
not see well Why mony
Moni do not look well Why
Why do I have a bad face or is it  that
the camera quality is poor
eh Let's see movement pay attention to this okay pay
attention to this because today we saw
Silvia Bronchal I'm going to try to
find an excerpt that I posted a
while ago
let's see
okay we saw it before on the
main page but I'm going to post it again
in case someone got lost
okay role can you give us an assessment
of the trial I just want to comment on one thing I do
n't know why there are people who are
saying that I'm inhuman that I have never
said that I felt anything for the family that I have
not offered my condolences it is an
absolute lie it is the first thing I did
when all this broke it is effectively
that and the people who know about it know it and those
who don't have not informed themselves well
simply that okay satisfied Rodolfo
thanks Yes very satisfied well about this
subject I was also talking before with
trium okay No I don't understand it's that there are
people who are denying that he
did it it was the first thing he did in fact
we applauded him no and we were
commenting on it here from the first moment
but well now it seems that there are
people who say no that Rodolfo has never
offered his condolences to the family  and such
eh was the first thing he did in fact
we applauded him and we said wow what is this
no what is this at least
not humanity and what is this Education above all
but what has caught my attention the most
in this video is what we are going to see
next okay Silvia's reaction
bronchalo has asked for forgiveness Daniel
Rodolfo the translator just told us
that Daniel has cried many times is it
true Thank you guys
greeting okay
okay the translator is bad What happened
with the chef the translator
Carmen she has been crying How was it
Carmen any day
Carmen will appear telling us that ewin Arrieta
dismembered himself eh final
car What happened with the chef Carmen
nothing he couldn't come did you know
before thank you thank you
Carmen judgment Silvia how are
you it's finished now Silvia has ID
final delegate Silvia what has Dani said you
should ask his father has
asked father has asked the
family for forgiveness Silvia Forgiveness they ask her
about her son's statement What did you
think and so on and Silvia how are you
You take this Silvia answers that you
should ask your father because
here I am, uh, of course there are
two options okay Here I have
two interpretations
Don't make me laugh Javi, let's see
because he's the one who runs the show and
says it with a second thought. Well, here I
interpret it in two ways okay Then let's
see if I don't want to be good, if I don't want to
be suspicious okay If I don't want to be
suspicious I would interpret it as
[Music]
Well, nothing, that the father is the media-savvy one, the father is the
actor, no, and the father is the one
who leads the issue. So since it's the
father who leads the issue, no, and the one who
is the media-savvy one, then it's the
father who is the one who comments on it,
okay. It's not the famous one, it's the one who talks to
the press and so on, not the one who holds the
press conference and so on. And then uh,
if I'm
suspicious, then I would dare to say that
there's a lot of bad vibes and the father has
managed things that she doesn't like
and that she's saying like the father is
the one who has
set up this whole thing
in that way, okay. And that  whatever
fate awaits the son,
well, it will be the father's fault. I mean,
where are we going? If the father has made
good
decisions. If the father has made good
decisions, well, fate will be good. And
if the father has made bad decisions,
well, no. So, if it goes wrong, well, it will
also be the father's fault. Okay, I'm
going to schedule, I'm
going to schedule the live show after
the salsa bar.
Okay, I'm going to schedule it and we'll continue
watching Fran's video. Okay,
Mission
ta software. How are we? How are my people?
How are my people? How are they having fun?
Scheduled today would be May 2nd. Today would be
May 2nd, but of course, we'll be
talking on May 3rd at
probably we'll start there around
1:00. No. Yes, probably around 1:00. I'm going to
put it at
12:30. Rosa. Thank you very much. 26 months.
Pilar over there. 30 months. Marilu just
made a great Super chat. I don't know
why it's not playing. I'm going to go in and check
that out and we'll continue watching Fran's video.
How are you? Are you comfortable? Are you having a
good time? Are you entertained? Are you
enjoying the  information I don't
listen I don't hear the alerts I don't
hear the alerts I don't know if you guys
listen to it I'm also going to check how
the
members are doing Okay now s I listen to it I'm
also going to check how the members are doing
okay to tell you How are the
members currently doing May 3rd my birthday let's
go Put Fran on because we're bored No Don't
worry don't worry let's see We are
right now on telesalseo
1327 members I have to update that
bar eh a lot of them have just dropped
some of them that haven't renewed eh
yesterday we were
2164 and today they have
dropped it would be a live show to
see how bad it's going for you Congratulations on
your numbers and especially for your great
work Every day more convinced of X cus I'm
still here thank you thank you Thank you very much eh I've
told you eh I really do
n't feel like it Because I'm very far
from controversies with some characters and I'm neither
interested nor do I know what they do e but I don't
feel like having to have in the
comments box or in responses to anything
people protesting because I have  good
numbers I mean what are we reaching
people protesting stand because I have good
numbers because we are the most viewed
because we have we are the ones with the most
viewers, the ones with the most visits
per video, the ones who are
trying to make me think it's true, I'm
going to ask me to take me off the
list okay And so we don't have to, you
know, enter into that type of
debate because the truth is I consider
that there is no comparison it's like
comparing Virginia that's like comparing
Real Madrid with with the skull you
understand with all due respect to the skull
you know but no no I don't understand getting bitter and
every beginning of every day getting bitter about
numbers well everyone has what they have what they get
outside I don't know I
fight to try to bring the best and
if I'm going to deal with a subject then bring the
best of the subject and that's what there is but go on
when what if he is like this suffering for
this when when it comes What's coming
this
month Okay but I don't understand it I don't
understand it really be I am very
happy but it's that How could I not be
happy 3000 here 2000 every day on
average No 2000 3000
spectators  video that we uploaded on the
main channel 0000 100000 300000
views what do I say, I mean, why do I
care if the neighbor has I don't know
what, I don't give a damn what he does to the neighbor
Josefina but [ __ ]
getting bitter about that is what has
reached me From there and from It's as if I got
bitter because I had a number a
kiss my I put myself here to get bitter Oh
look ibai is that ibai has
50,000 viewers so I will try to
get the same as ibai
damn Don't take yourself off the list I'm
nobody to tell Joe to take me off
the list but maybe I ask him to
take me off I'm here competing or
anything a kiss Anica beautiful I enter eh that
basically to the mother vesa Mercedes there have
been even ugly moments okay
against the mother by people from
her father's environment I will love that it
has reached me and it has reached me from people who are
not you I would love to hear one
day the mother I would love to hear one
day the
mother nothing to do man Maria a
gift from five members  but the whole
chat applauding there no that there has been one
about this woman I have even harassed her
okay That's what I've heard and no And
this is not a lie okay I mean they've
told me that they have seen things that no that
seemed very strange to them not
against this woman I don't know
them I have no idea I know that they have a
problem because there has been a
complaint out there I have seen but but
things have to be said as they are I mean this
woman the mother has not spoken I I no I have not
seen yet even a statement
from the mother I have not seen anything nothing
Okay well I'm looking forward to the mother speaking and for us to hear her version eh the truth maybe we'll hear it after the sentence Javi is very discreet but I think she's super sad Yes I think that at some point she will speak more and on the other hand on the
other hand in the father's environment
lawyers Javi You don't have to justify yourself
no but I have to justify myself
man have number that suits us well
Well look what I tell you There it is no Well maybe
next month I'll take two
weeks of vacation and it will be worse for me
because I've left  two weeks of
vacation But what can I say? So
we have to have controversy because we've
done well and people don't like that we're
doing well. I mean, what do I do,
my son? Clues or I don't know what that thing is called
or applause for those who are
giving away members no applause for
those who are giving away members no or
what Or prs eh public relations or whatever it has
been a
faos but not to me where they have that the
father is going to be fleeced with lawsuits he has
an issue with the mother that the mother
reported him I don't know if you will remember And that
issue remains to be
seen that
issue remains to be seen Mercedes Thank you very much
neighbor Mercedes when you see me in the neighborhood you are
going to greet me or what do you say
Mercedes I'm from your neighborhood damn
Greet me not when you see me buying
bread and that no
Cristina welcome it was a joke
okay What is your tactic Hey it seems
correct to me And if they see that it has to
be this way I said at the beginning not to
do a Circus they did a Circus I
also said that the report that came out about
Daniel
Sancho about his father is worth it  Rodolfo
Sancho
seemed very sneaky to me it doesn't matter if he asks for
forgiveness from the family or if he
refers to a person that his
son has dismembered like this guy or
that
guy I said it I still think the same to me it doesn't matter if he
comes out saying Now I
have asked for forgiveness from the family You can
ask for forgiveness and you can get on your
knees but if the following week
you call the
son Thank you very much
anonymous for the visa Thank you very much or to the
brother that your son has dismembered
you say this guy or that guy then very little
respect and very little forgiveness you have asked for that it
must be said clearly and that's it I have been
fighting for years to be where you
are now and it makes me happy because I know
that you are going to go much further Thank you
witch Thank you very much witch This is
just the beginning
exactly This is just the beginning
gentlemen a kiss then surely
Rodolfo Sancho is a great
person a great guy but there he
behaved like a real creep I
said it I say it and I will say it
seems sneaky to me that but oh well What does
my Sister Gossip say beautiful how she
stayed with us  our Sister eh you
settling for what you have you will be
happy exactly Sister but let's see I've
said it many times I mean what do I care
Imagine how I'm going to be
bitter at
40 Micky a kiss Thank you very much for
entertaining me Like no one else a kiss mii I
love you very much Look at personal life in parts The
best woman you can
have inside and out The best
children you can have inside and
out The best parents you
can have inside and out The
best sister okay I mean the best
family I work doing what I like I do what I want
eh I do what I
want every day today I get up and I
love myself My wife wants us to go to the
beach I'm going to the beach for a week
Fran calls me and tells me to go to the
sanctuary I'm going alive The [ __ ]
experience of going to the sanctuary
eh I feel like getting up at 6 today I
get up at
6 Paula Echevarría is going to
Jorge Xavier's show I take a break and make four
calls and I go there to see
how many Chinese are going to be live the following week  I
go to Hormiguero and I see it
because I feel like it I mean I live
how I want I mean
I'm really going to get bitter and spend three days
explaining to people justifying everything
bitter like a 40 year old like they were little
kids I'm going to put myself here loving
arm Because someone else has had more numbers
than me having the community that we have here
illo that we are more than 100000 on
Twitter more than 100,000 on Twitter 80,000
on
Instagram come like come and make us
smile that are very
important but we are family
But we are family with our with
our with our virtues and
our and our mistakes No and we are
family we are here every night either
here or the salsería or the
main street Chatting commenting informing
eh laughing we tell each other I mean I
care what ibai has what
uron Play has what El
Rubius has I mean really everyone
does their thing and what they feel like and
maybe next month  I feel like going on
vacation for the whole month because I don't
feel like working because I'm not
motivated okay but how am I going to get
upset I mean look I'm going to sit
here and do 28 verticals because the visits
are fake and I'm going to sit here and do
28 verticals one in the morning another
mid-morning another in the afternoon and another
at noon to try to get the
total count plus visits that goes But
what nonsense is it what I like is you
know you know what I what I like what I
like is
spending an entire weekend awake
recording 5 hours of a raw video
that's a [ __ ] documentary like what we
did this weekend of Daniel
Sancho okay of Daniel Sancho a [ __ ]
documentary with quality okay with all the
documentation
and it's a piece of video with
quality I mean what happens to me is that no it doesn't make
sense to me what I like is what there is
and what we offer if
there isn't more
either it says well for 40 Taco Take care it's
much better Fran Well that
's also true But my daughter eh Cuqui is  that you
're using Fran as an example there's no
competition self-criticism
Thank you very much self-criticism thank you very much
applause self-criticism
pay attention to this thing eh this thing
about the mother pay attention to this thing
this thing about the mother
eh Because they've had the mother
isolated there they've had her apart they've
had her
ugh what can I tell you eh They've had the mother
there very much to the side the truth is I don't
know if they've behaved very well with
her because in itself it's an issue that when that happens to
you life is a
traumatic misfortune it's an episode or rather it's
an attic episode
eh it leaves a mark that's going to mark your whole [ __ ]
life it's going to bother you your whole
life you know and on top of that when you get there
instead of everyone being united doing
more strength to try to make
the best of it and support each
other because they're pushing you aside and they
're making it on top of you that you're
on another continent that they're
making it more
difficult for you each one of us each one of us eats what we
say like I eat now
saying that  he seemed like a [ __ ] crawler
no then I have seen several things in the
trial eh that have been coming out like the
last thing that if the prosecutor was found
but not to me where they have that a
job well done has its reward
Congratulations here be as you are great
Javi I am glad I am glad that you are
happy if a pada
Spaniard but not to me where they have that
also we love you because you are legal you
are not resentful a kiss s Oh if I have to
live with resentment are Oh if I
have to live with resentment I will never finish but you
know what happens living with resentment I
am sometimes stupid about the subject of resentment
many times I even sin of being stupid I do not know
if the same will happen to you but why are you going to
live with resentment If you go there in
two days and we are going to end up on the
same side then you will have to live it
you have to make the days that you are
here the days that we are going through
this Adventure that is life Well let it
be as less problematic as
possible and less to less more As less as
possible if you have to cross paths with a
person or you have to  coincide with a
person or you have to cross paths many
times with the same person and you've
had problems the less you know the
better and The further you stay away from
problematic people and the closer you get to those who
contribute you understand me
So why why Sister why
live with resentment to someone you don't want to
forgive well keep them far away and forgotten
from your life
and and out out of your life above
all
no and we are thugs alazne we love you
heart
See see green heart alne you can already start
appearing
eh [ __ ]
no then I have seen several things in the
trial that have been coming out like the
last thing about whether the prosecutor and
the lawyer were found eh eating
together eh I don't see it as so strange I don't know if it will
be very moral or very moral on the part of
justice but
eh but when Yuji had the trial the
prosecutor ate at the same table as
us I mean eh you have to understand
that many people
many people believe that Spain I mean
Thailand is like Spain in that sense they
try to compare the trials or the
methods or the way of
acting like comparing it no you can't
compare Spain with Thailand nor
Thailand with Spain I mean to say to me  I'm not
that surprised that the prosecutor and the
lawyer ate together. Well,
getting into this, I want to hear
your opinion. Okay, do you think it's true
that this issue has had a lot of support?
uh, that was put on the table, well, the
insinuation, the insinuation of bribery, the
strange things, no, the strange things,
the things that worried him, the
lawyer doesn't have an opinion. Don't you think that has seemed
a little bit scary to me as the
days go by, uh. In the end, with time
we'll see, okay. But it has seemed a
little bit scary to me.
Fran often has some great music in the background. It
's also true. uh, that has
remained a little bit scary to me, the
truth is, What's wrong with my Sister Gossip, what are they
doing to her
now? That remained a little bit in
water for me because in the end it's what
Fran said above all, I mean, it would be stranger.
Maybe to see it in a bank, but a
small town that we've talked about a thousand times, what a
very big thing it is, uh,
a small town and besides, if you
move in the same guild. No, I don't
believe it and  I don't think it's right that you say that if it
's not true, it seems to me that we have to
have it more tied up in order to even
slip it eh
eh some news has been released that I
understand that on the part of the
prosecution or the family it seems
unheard of but really who can tell you
that they weren't talking
about Well, an agreement that if Daniel
Sancho asked for forgiveness and repented and
admitted everything the prosecutor would ask for life
imprisonment
no that it could also be a
legal agreement eh I mean like an agreement like
good the interview with tuyupa
clarified well about the suspension of those
days Yes Raquel I have to see the
interview with Trium yesterday with tuyupa I
couldn't see it I know that let's see I had it here I
had it what I was doing yesterday I do
n't remember what I was doing
last night last night I had to record
a few videos in fact I think it
was good last night I spent some time at the
salseria I had to record video for the
main I recorded a newscast that just
left a while ago don't come in here
salseo and  now at night I have to get
ready
eh the interview that I record tomorrow
morning
now I want to go to the salseria for a while
and then I want to get ready for the interview
that I record in the morning I have no
more life but tremendous tremendous tremendous I
saw that trium had like 8000 and some
viewers I don't have to watch it I
have to watch the chat with your yupa well I'll
put it on over the weekend on
some route or whatever we were
live telesalseo Pilar but
yesterday's live from here although you don't know
yesterday's live from here of tres salseo
was not real
in I'm everywhere like God I mean you
were with Elena you weren't there it could be
a pact that you were making that It's
legal Hey if he apologizes like this let's go
eat let's go something I was with the guy
at that time more or less I was with the
guy who knew him at the movies we talked
like this we negotiated that's normal That is a
normal thing here I mean It's not that they are
giving you envelopes of money
under the table okay another thing is that
you hire a person who is
highly known  because I am a
person who makes deals,
who is involved in the subject of clear,
I put this person in contact with this one,
so and so, Yes, of course there is a
history, eh, if you hire a
person like that on an island that
everyone knows and that everyone
knows for whom he works and how he works,
then obviously I understand that there is where
the hare jumps out, okay. I understand that there is where
the hare jumps out and people say, oh,
this lady is not a translator, this lady
is not such and such, this lady is dedicated to doing,
eh, putting people in contact and
negotiating
things. I
understand that it doesn't seem normal to me, okay,
but they are within their right to hire
whoever they want. They think there is
a mess there that if they have tried to buy
one or the other they have to prove it and it
cannot be proven, I mean, you
cannot prove that, okay, no, it's that maybe they have
paid
money to him, I think I know why it is that you
have told me to look at
[Laughter]
Twitter, my mother who
gave birth to me, but I am not going to broadcast it live,
I am not  I'm going to give a damn about those
things, they wish we would give a damn about
those things, prosecutor. Well, if they
paid the prosecutor money, they've lost, no, they
paid the judge. Well, if they
paid the judge, they've lost it. I'm telling you
because no prosecutor and no judge is
going to take a chance
on a Spaniard, no matter how much money they
give him, they're not going to take a chance, I mean, at that
level. And in this
case, there can't be any. There can't be that, okay, there are, ladies, they do
everything to your face, blowing a kiss, they do
everything to me, the truth is also
true, self-criticism, a kiss,
beautiful. Hey, let's see if you can make
love to me a little, no jokes, jokes, jokes, jokes, you're getting excited, damn it, you're getting excited
and no, and there's no
one to control us, eh. You're getting excited and there
's no one to control us.
[Music]
eh, it will have to be proven, but in
principle, I'm telling you that from my point of
view, there may be strange things, yes,
this person is dedicated to such and such. Okay, that
lady who was saying, Alice. But
you can't say that they've done this,
that they've done.  the other If you don't have
proof that there is preferential treatment Well, they will
surely want that until
the trial is over and until there is a
verdict, that Daniel Sancho is in the
best possible conditions to be able to
testify or to be able to
be in jail in the best
possible conditions, they will treat him better
than when he is already convicted and is a
prisoner, okay, that is understandable, I
mean, you don't want that person to go to
testify without air conditioning And
suddenly you tell yourself that when I was
testifying I was at 48 grams and I
was really dizzy and I didn't even know what I was
saying because that could, it
could cause things to get altered, which means that
if there is no air-conditioned area
Well, the person who is accused is not going to testify, the
police can testify,
someone who is not
risking their life can testify, but someone who is
risking their life, well, it's better that they don't
testify,
yes, there is no air-conditioned area, for
example, that is understandable Yes, that is
understandable, according to which that
irregularity of that if such Well, that's what there is, let's
see, it was strange, eh, it was strange,
having to suspend a trial for four
[ __ ] days, four [ __ ] days because  the
air conditioning because they couldn't find
the remote because I don't know what
electrical problem and how [ __ ]
my son Go to a basar and buy a universal remote
eh it has been said that if the
vice consul or I don't know who was there There the whole
time in the
trial not a normal trial, I mean there is
preferential treatment well surely but it is not a
normal trial it is that when
they said what happened with Segarra comp exactly he
says I am Henia if it goes with chains without
being judged exactly d with that claw
the Segarra trial there was no God
because he was not
media-friendly people months ago
had no [ __ ] idea Who
Segarra was when they compare the subject with Se
Garra I have thought that many times
you know what happens I have not wanted to
put my foot in it because I say maybe he was
very media-friendly at the time and I did not
find out but of course How many here and we are
going to do a survey tell me the
truth okay let's do a survey I'm
going to do it here in the chat okay How many
here know I am going to do the survey
Look how many here knew about
the
Cegarra case before
This is
okay  This is not a survey questions and
answers what the hell is
this this what the hell is questions and
answers this is a new thing Elena
Thank you very much for becoming a member
start survey now
ok look now there is the survey ok
answer everyone to this survey please
ok did you know the Arthur Segarra case
Before what happened to Daniel
Sancho was because they compare him No no it's not
that the Arthur Segarra case was
done differently they let
the press in I don't know what And it's like I
've thought many times eh but I say I do
n't want to put my foot in it just in case it's
not going to be that it might be that maybe I'm
wrong because it's not a topic that
interested me and then I
missed it but I had never heard of it
I had never heard of it
Look you know, I mean I think
that topic has gone more viral now with what happened
to Daniel Sancho
that in Yes you know and people are there Of course they don't
have it They don't have the same
expectation they don't have the same
expectation love no we pay for your services
with money Well then with money it's fine with money it's
fine if you
all want you can leave a super chat and you can
become members all of you who
are here it helps me it
also I need collagen face with
hand over mouth kiss mark
What the What are you
saying your camera looks blurry No what
happens is that I don't have the lights
on correctly Let's see it's that the camera the
cameras look better when you
turn on the light if you put the light on
full blast Ugh I'm getting I feel
like putting on my sunglasses no
but it's that in the live shows I usually
have the light on minimum that's what there is there
are many hours of live and I'm not going to
put it on full blast to record the videos maybe
if I turn it up okay they didn't know I
mean most of the people didn't
know it didn't know anything okay because it hadn't been
mediatic this is a
very
mediatic trial it's a trial where there are many
journalists it's a trial where
at any given moment a Christ can be mounted it's
a moment in which
eh I don't know they can revoke the visa of some
journalist someone who is there
Spanish it's normal that there is a vice consul
there because there are many Spaniards there
working with some visas with some
visas doesn't seem
strange to me, honestly. I mean, the girl thing seems strange to me.
Yes, because Well, it seems strange to me, but as I
said, they can hire whoever they
want, a person who is an expert in
negotiating or in putting people to
negotiate and such and such. Well, well, it
seems strange to me. Yes, but they can hire
whoever they want. It seems strange to me that
the vice-consul is there or not. It seems strange to me,
that's why Javi tuyupa said that Saturdays
and Mondays are for civil cases, not
criminal cases. Ah, well, there you have the thing about the
suspension of Mondays by Daniel
Sancho, eh, there were a lot of
Spaniards there and at a given moment,
the journalists could screw up, they could
do something that shouldn't be done and all
hell could break loose there, so it
seems normal to me, okay, preferential treatment, probably
surely,
but it seems normal to me, okay, whoever
wants to understand it. Here we lived in
Thailand for many years, a lot of people and we
understand. It's
good that nothing is perfect, nothing is fair
and in the embassy it's not perfect or
fair either, but
eh, for example, they helped me at the
embassy, ​​Nuño, who was the
consul, helped me with things and my ex-wife
was Thai.  Yes my children were
Spanish whatever you want but my wife was a
Thai careerist and for different
paperwork he helped me who was Thank you very much
for that gift beautiful Okay
then maybe many times we do not have
the conception of reality
Because we see that it can affect us more or
less in our case, our thing or
our thinking that we are more or
less in agreement but from my point
of view I tell you there may be preferential treatment
yes it is something buah with my taxes
not to the consul you have to pay yes or yes to the
vice consul
So he is there representing
the embassy and and in case anything happens you
can also see bu why he has to be
there says Javi have you seen
in another program what a guy
from Arrieta says I was amazed Monica It
seems very strong to me, I don't know the truth
eh I don't know the truth It seems very
strong to me and and we will have to see and we will have to
see how much that is like that The only thing I know is that this
Juan goina already said that
anything that is defamation for ewin
Arrieta the family was going to file
lawsuits I  I see very strongly what has been
said I have heard it but I see it very
strongly I do not know or I mean I see it as wanting to
stain Elena A kiss I see it very strongly
that they have mentioned topics even of
minors I understand
whoever wants to think that
understands it I am giving my opinion
on everything, about everything as I see it
from this point of view from
Thailand okay on television they
talk to you from Spain that when they finish they
go to have a coffee at the
cafeteria and they have no [ __ ] idea what
Thailand is By the way there are
journalists who say that I know
Thailand very well that I know
Thailand very well and I just like Diego
Arabal, he screws me many times I
tell you Diego Arabal you have been to Thailand
taking photos 10 times in your life and you
have no [ __ ] idea what
Thailand is, you do not know it internally,
you do not know how it works, you do not know
how the courts or the people work, you
have no [ __ ] idea you can go out and
say Franco this Bla bl Bla Say what you
want but you have no [ __ ] idea
what Thailand is, coming on
vacation or coming to take photos
five times  or six times in your life I have no
[ __ ] idea I'm telling you it's worth it the rest I'm
sure you know everything he said
about grabbing time I'm like, let's go I have no idea
Elena A kiss Thank you very much love
What did he say Now let's see I saw on
Twitter because people put it not as
a thumbnail that I wanted to relate or
that I related not with Pablo broom this
What movie Give me one of
those memberships Javi I don't have it they do
n't give it to me I ca
n't get it I can't get it if I didn't give it away
what about these 10 members that they've
given to a lot of people to give away they
don't give it to me I don't have it I don't know
why let's see if I were Fran honestly I wouldn't even
answer Diego or look for him
because they've sent me some cli in which he
tries to search for Fran in which he tries to Search it
even gives
me the feeling that even trying to
Search for trium I already at the moment that I
saw what this was about eh You know
that the only thing I did was take legal action
and sue him okay for a series of
actions that he had against me that
were very  strong and unless
some more or less viral news comes out about him, you
almost know and I don't mention it I
mean, I don't mention it or pay attention to anything
eh I commented on the news about the trial
that he lost it no and they sentenced him no I do
n't remember how much they sentenced him in the
trial for revealing a secret
and if he has given any news it's that he doesn't I
know nothing about him I don't even know what he's
doing on YouTube or a little more more than
some things when people are
scandalized and and he posts something but it's that
this has given him this has given him life
so that the other one now tomorrow has a
video you understand and and revive it a little no
And you know what For what why does he get into that
I don't and Fran who is a
few years older than me and has been in the media for many more years
than me and you know what
this is about why not even these seconds you
understand me there there are things in life
that you have to keep away There are things in life
that you have to keep away and and know what to
answer area that no and and outside you
know but but don't say nonsense that you
say  a lot of nonsense and especially
when you talk about me
Okay then of course from Spain
a lot of people talk and don't understand
half of the
things they say things that are lies things
that are manipulated that's why I tell you that
Trium, Javi and Hablando Claro are the
ones who for me have given the
most truthful information that's why I speak with them I
agree especially when Trium has even
been speaking with Tuyupa who
is Thai who is practically a
lawyer and who has many contacts
within the judiciary
so to find out things the
best thing is to know things I'm going to tell you
more Triun and I especially Tri in this
case Daniel Sancho especially Trium but
Triun and I spoke with many more
sources than I know
because there are many people who prefer not to have it
known that this and that but
we spoke with
tremendous tremendous sources and some
as the subject progresses I believe
that Iran appearing here Iran coming
out and
so on from the point of view of the
people who are inside or who know what
the country is like the laws and now I will tell you
more things because there are many people who
talk nonsense  and that he talks things that he doesn't
have a [ __ ] clue okay saying that
Ah the trial went well I don't
know nothing is known nothing really is to
say eh we know about the leaks that there have
been but I suppose that it has been a
normal trial where the defense tries to
defend itself in the best way possible
sometimes they will defend in a way that
seems ridiculous to us Okay and
other times they will defend themselves in a
way that seems normal to us okay It
depends depends on how you see
things and it's understandable that the defense
does whatever the [ __ ] they want I've
only said that I think they are
very wrong and that they have screwed up And
now I'm going to explain to you why I am
convinced that Daniel Sancho is going to
get the death penalty
okay the defense should have
thought ahead of time and they're oh well
crazy that they're going to give him
freedom or involuntary manslaughter or
not uh no eh whatever they
give him the sooner there is a sentence the
sooner the clock starts ticking
so he can return to Spain which
is what the family wants as soon as possible
and when you get into a trial like that  they're
going to give the death penalty And that
means that for me, in my opinion, either they've
made an agreement and they've been
smart in the end and they've made an
agreement in some way so that they can
give him life imprisonment. I don't think
he asked for forgiveness at first, so it
seems to me that they're going to give him the
death penalty
and if they had been smart, yes, they would have made
Daniel Sancho declare
what he declared the first time that he was fed up with the fact that he had been
threatened with
whatever you want and that it was
premeditated, okay And that quarter and everything and
such and such and tell him to repent
during the trial and to ask for forgiveness and forgiveness and
forgiveness if they had reached an
agreement like that they would have given him the sentence, I mean,
life imprisonment. Thank you very much,
Salomé, how nice, Salomé, but Salomé is going,
going like in a thong, eh, she appears to me by the
bison Salomé Thank you very much,
beautiful, for that piece of bison,
thank you queen, how are you? Where is he?
But it's just that he appears out of nowhere,
eh, I mean, he's not even in the chat or anything, or he
's messing around there's a big difference
between  get the death penalty and life
imprisonment he is going to live he is not going to
die they are not going to not bring him to
justice But obviously we are
talking about time and for me the defense
has been very unintelligent I repeat that
maybe he will go free or maybe he will
go out
with involuntary manslaughter or maybe they give him life
imprisonment
because they have reached that agreement but if he
had done that and more or less he
had reached the agreement of life
imprisonment the time he would have spent in
Thailand in jail would be less and I will
explain now several things can happen
the first is that they give him the death penalty
if they give him the death penalty obviously
the defense can
uh can appeal to the
Supreme Court or to the next
court but that will be
time and that time does not run because there is no
sentence that time does not run and
the sentence is not commuted with the time that you have
served Ah no, it is not commuted because if they
give you the death penalty or they give you a
life sentence there is no time do you understand
if he had asked for C life if he had
made the agreement and they give him a
life sentence he can already in
time start to get  sorry
which can mean that in 8 or 10 years he
could be in
Spain but what happens if they give him the
death penalty, if they appeal they lose another
three or four
years and then they give him the death penalty again
and it's starting from scratch which
can mean spending up to 20 years in
Thailand okay I thought it
counted I thought it counted I
thought that now for example if they
sentence him imagine 10 or 15 years not
as they say no imagine 20 21 for it
to fit and he has
to serve a third okay imagine he has to serve 7 years then one counts because he's going to serve one Daniel Sách is going to serve one in August in prison meaning in 3 months right now in exactly three
months he will turn one year meaning he's been in
prison for 9 months I thought that
counted of course it counted as then it is
added up it wouldn't make sense no without a
final sentence the count doesn't start
but it would make sense no I mean because if
you for example commit a crime for which
you are convicted  5 years imagine and
you already spend one in jail while
the
sentence is issued it would be
logical it would be logical that it be
counted No because if you don't serve more than what
you have been sentenced to
not applied to reality you serve more if that does
n't count
no two give him the death penalty do not
appeal and start the process and he
can spend 14 years in Thailand
three give him life imprisonment start
the process and in about 8 years 9 years he can
return to Spain a prison in
Spain with all the pardons In my
opinion the defense has done wrong In my opinion
from the point of view of
living in Thailand I have gone through
judicial processes and more or
less the rule let's say that there are
always exceptions Of course there are that
the defense is clear about it and they
get it so damn they are going to have to
write a book to explain how the
hell they did it
okay but I think they are going to give him the
death penalty oh I am wrong I am
wrong and nothing happens because here I
neither win nor lose watch out Fran continues with
his thing eh the only one who  has lost here
is Edwin Arrieta and those who are
losing Now it's the two families and and
well and Daniel Sancho for what he
did no but but as I tell you Those are
the approaches that there are if they
gave him the death penalty I would not
appeal if they gave him c per tarantula
welcome How are you beautiful let me
send a WhatsApp
Oh Hi Jai I'm new to the chat although I've
seen your videos I love Fran
triar begoña herpe you are great Well yes you
are mentioning me they are
mentioning me The best of the best there is
Help a kiss welcome I hope
you stay for a long time
I would not appeal because that is time
that they are going to waste and a lot of money and a lot of
money is worth
eh segarra
tried segarra arrives 9 years here in
prison segarra still does not recognize his
guilt Eh I mean he grabs to this day
he still says no that he did not
do it what I do not understand how I have to
ask Fran when he comes What I do
not understand is if he is already supposed to have
asked the king for mercy
eh if he  He supposedly asked
King
HM for mercy, how, how did he do it without admitting
his guilt? Let's see, I've heard an audio,
forgive me, while
al al
[Laughter]
What they sent me, I'll tell you in
another live broadcast. I mean, it's time, it's
time. I'm telling you that's how I see it
from the point of view of how
the issue was raised. I greatly respect what
the defense did because they
are experts but the way I see it, it
was a mistake. The way I see it, I
agree. I would have gone directly to
make a pact with the prosecutor's office, admit
everything, apologize to the family,
apologize to Thailand for the damage done by
tourism and give thanks,
thank all the Thais
for not reporting him because
any Thai, watch out for this, eh, or
exactly watch out for this, this strong eh,
where
that person was dismembered, laugher, could
report him and he could have another
trial
perfectly well, why? Well, because
obviously it affects their
business, obviously, who the hell wants to go
to that bungalow if they know that's where
a person was dismembered, listen to me, I
was talking about it  before with Triun too
eh look how I see people I see
capable people no no not everyone I don't
understand that most people are not
worth it But I see a lot of people capable of
now going to look for that stripe out of morbidity
man or rather morbidity for for for for for
being at the scene of the crime that's what Tuyupa said
No no no
eh according to Tuyupa he has to pay every
last cent to come to Spain
man of course tarantula But look that's
like that's like
when like when you know about the
suspension of prison here in Spain
here in Spain there are times when they
sentence you to 2 years a year I don't know if
even three three and a bit that you reach an
agreement to avoid going to jail no
but man The main thing is the main thing
is the penalty that they gave you
civilly speaking the fine let's not say
no you have to compensate that in full down
to the last
cent because if not it doesn't make
sense if not it doesn't make sense
or to that Resort if they know that
a person was killed there and they were dismembered
then thank  the people who have
not reported her, ask the country for forgiveness,
ask the
people for forgiveness, ask the family for forgiveness,
repent
and then start from life imprisonment, okay,
in 8 or 10 years he would be in Spain in a
Spanish prison in better conditions
and well and what there is, no, that, in my opinion, that's why I
see it as a, like
a mistake, then all the
media stuff, if a saw expert came,
if he saw this, if he saw that,
that's already part of the circus, okay, the
important thing was the statements of the
people who had to testify and it doesn't matter if
a saw expert comes
or if a forensic expert comes, we have
audio, we have audio,
you know that in the number, okay, the number
that you have up there, which is the
number for the
visa,
apart from sending a visa, you can send an audio if you want, okay, I say it, okay, with great delicacy, it is a very serious matter, okay, and above all, with great respect, okay, anyone who slips up and sends an outrageous amount in
the audio immediately,
okay, Good evening, I feel very, very
sorry for the family of the victim and the
mother
of Daniel More  that nothing
because she is another victim I think she is
afraid of both her husband and
her son the husband is
remember to like the live thanks
cutie Thank you very much acting all the
time because she is acting all the
time she is not the same it is
seen he speaks fake and everything and and nothing
well she is afraid
e Because if it has been known for a long time that she
called him crazy and all that she stepped
aside and she is coming across as the lady
that she is she
is acting like a good
mother and Mr. Rodolfo Sancho is
coming across as what he is he
is selling and will sell many more
things I am already watching a series or a
movie Coming
soon to
see
Listen to me I imagine let's go I see it
eh I imagine that this case is going to
movies and so on
eh from Spain to teach the
Thais how forensic medicine works it
seems absurd to me it seems like an
insult too but well I
say it again the defense can do what it wants
on behalf of the prosecution Well the
prosecutor and the
prosecution have it easy I
mean if you if you see what  It is what it
is, okay, the nuances of why he
did it, why he didn't do it, it's
murder for me, premeditated because it was
prepared, because you don't, we're not
going to go around in circles, okay, I
mean, eh, you have to be very stupid to
say no, no, it wasn't premeditated, you
're not in a hotel and you rent the
furthest bungalow you can rent and you have
knives, a saw,
giant plastic bags,
and cleaning products and you say
you're going to record cooking videos, but there's
no food, you don't have a tripod, you don't
have cameras, you don't have lights, you don't have
anything,
eh, no, I mean, it's not saying no, eh, so I think
from the
judge's point of view, I think he's clear, I
told you a while ago, I think they're
going to give him the death penalty, and I'm telling you, I would
n't even appeal it and I would
start the process
to commute that sentence, and then the
life sentence, and then
whatever comes, I'm not going to tell you anything, especially
because it's not like they
give you the death penalty in a year and after 6
months, the king takes away the death penalty,
no  It could be one year, two years, or three years if
you piss people off in
jail or you piss off the
judges, the prosecutors, if you
piss off the police. Well, maybe they'll
give you the pardon in 5 years. And then
time starts to run. When you're
on death row, time doesn't run.
When you're serving a life sentence, it doesn't
run. You understand, you can spend 7 years in
jail under the death penalty and if you don't serve
the death penalty, time doesn't
run. If you're serving a life sentence and it's not
reduced to 50 years because of a pardon,
time doesn't run. You understand. So, it's
very
important to
understand how Thailand works,
and I'll tell you if the defense believes that they're
going to charge him with involuntary manslaughter or that they're
going to acquit him, well, it seems
great to me on the part of the defense, but I
think they're going to give him the death penalty
and he's going to have to start the whole
process. Okay, empathy, empathy for the
parents, empathy for the
parents, for Rodolfo Sancho, for
Silvia, bronchalo,
for them.  In that sense and
obviously empathy
90% for the other family or 100% let's
say and 10% for but I
really feel empathy for the other family
who has lost their son, that is to say Rodolfo
Sancho and Silvia bronchalo bad How bad can they
go see their son and see him and
can talk to him, the other family can't do it anymore
okay and I repeat regardless of the
reasons here a murder has been committed
here someone has been dismembered and
the garbage has been thrown on him So from
that point of view things have to be
said clearly and and and that's it Okay
then That's my opinion That's my
opinion from what
the trial has been, I tell you, I'm not going to go into
the gossip and the
various crap that they have shown on
television and that if one defends one
another and the media trial because no it's not
worth it
okay then a lot of
things are being said like if they are going to send him to
prison they are going to send him to another look, he is
now in preventive detention he is in
preventive detention I think that  I was listening to
Tuyupa and Tuyupa was absolutely
right and she's in a jail that's called the
toughest jail in
Thailand. The media
talks a lot about the Hilton because it sounds
really good. What happens is that the
media, as they are these days more
concerned with sucking up to the
president of the government, have
forgotten to do what their job is, which
is journalism. And then they don't
realize that when they talk about the
Hilton, they don't realize that they come off
as
idiots. Hilton
is the jail that I tried to get taken,
to transfer her and I couldn't get it.
There they put her in Lao. It's the
toughest jail in
Thailand, incomparably, the
toughest jail in Thailand. The one they
called the Hilton was very tough in the
70s.
With the person that I'm going to have on the
main channel tomorrow, I'm going to have a
talk with a very interesting person
on the main channel who deals with
these issues, okay, about prisons in
other countries and about
Spanish prisoners in prisons in other
countries, okay. And we're going to talk about this tomorrow.
2000, that jail was
cleaned.
[Music]
his ut ation and it probably became
the jail
eh I I certainly tried to take
Yu there I couldn't in the jail more
similar to what Europe can be right
now because in that jail if you
can watch a television if you can
have some news from abroad if you
can
study
okay if you can earn a lot of
pardons with work
Okay and it was changed for that because it was
known as the bco Hilton a [ __ ]
where people came and went in a
pine box and that jail is not at
all the worst in Thailand but it is
probably by far one of the
best if not the best jail in
Thailand right now
vanan the worst jail this jail is I don't
know if you'll remember but there was an
episode this was
eh we are talking surely in the
first week Ester Yáñez the journalist
from code 10 and the one who does the programs
with Nacho Abad that this girl who was
detained recently not also because of the
visa issue I don't know I don't know how much and
Sarlo
eh she was sent to this
jail that Fran is mentioning okay
because she didn't understand the translation well
when the man This Big jock there are
three  buildings not in the prison where
Daniel Sancho is right now there are no
three buildings Well then she made like
a sketch and she and the cameraman
understood it differently and they went to
the Peninsula, I mean they left the
island and they believed that Daniel Sancho was
there and then as it turns out they were
wrong that
is where Yuji was it is the worst
prison at all levels
okay I was saying you now let's go now let's go
goodbye Alzheimer's now let's go that they will
surely send him to Suratan
Suratan I think that it is not an
easy prison Suratan It is not
easy Suratan it is the most Suratan it is the one where they made a
mistake Suratan where did they go
When did they make a mistake
Suratan was he going to have to go to some
jail I
personally if the defense were intelligent intelligent
in the sense of
thinking like a Thai not like a
supremacist European who often
demonstrates that they believe they are
superior and that they know more than countries
that they consider Third World and
by the way I take this opportunity to say that
Thailand is a first world country whoever
wants it can look it up is first
world Eh then I would tell the
defense that  work so they send him
to Ban because if they send him to Yao he's
going to
[ __ ] himself I'm telling you and
suratan suratan is not a prison it's not
a good prison okay
Ah let's see another thing is that
the compensation that the family is asking for or
that the prosecutor is asking for the family eh if he
wants to have pardons he has to give it
Yes yes man Of course if not you don't have that
compensation to the family man Of course
if he doesn't give it if he doesn't give the compensation it doesn't make
sense any Pardon or any or
any favor I mean of course that's like
the suspension of the sentence here in
Spain but it makes all the sense
in the world if not there are no
pardons it's like that I mean you can't
receive a pardon if you haven't restored
eh if you haven't complied
with which I don't know if they have
spent money now as they say to
pay someone and do
things
but they are going to need money or so
maybe Rodolfo Sancho instead of making
an HBO documentary has to make
six films in a row and he has to
earn a lot of money let's see he has to
give money not what the family asks for
but the  that whatever the sentence is, I understand. I mean,
the family is asking for, I think it
's 700,000 in the end.
No, I don't know if 700,000 is realistic,
the truth is, I don't know what type of indexation they have
granted there in Thailand,
eh, in these types of cases, okay, but I think
that here in Spain, eh, I think that here in
Spain it is not very realistic or here in
Spain, the compensations that I have
seen, both for your life are worth as much for
your life as
for accidents in which accidents or
negligence in which they screw you, you
know,
even a leg, your sight, something like
that is okay, I have seen
ridiculous compensations. So I don't know to what extent
what the family is asking for,
700,000,000, would be realistic or not. No, I'm not saying whether they
deserve it or not, eh. Don't take me out
of context because I can see you coming, but I do
n't know if that is realistic to
grant it to them or not, okay,
and the way I see it, okay, the way I see it. No, they are not going to
receive pardons if they don't make that
payment, okay. Or if they don't start making that
payment and they go.  paying and the family admits
that he's paying for it man Roman the subject
of that man Roman 50 members but just like that I'll
let you talk to me
on WhatsApp if you want talk to me on
WhatsApp what an [ __ ] you are eh Roman
thank you very much Hey but listen to me
before we go to the kids take
Roman and release 50 members over here I don't
know this is so we can do handstands Or
something No we don't have much left Okay now I'm
going to the salseria there are 5 minutes left of
Fran's video listen to me what
Roman did deserves applause from the entire
chat
not applause from the entire chat and what and what and let
Roman ask for whatever
ROM asks for whatever he wants we pay attention to you Ask
people to give another
50 each
come on thanks
handsome that with the mui he can receive
pardons he's a foreigner he's not going to receive
pardons for doing mu for the mu the only thing he's
going to receive for doing are blows
because mu they give you blows but it's supposed to
Sorry for the mui what's the point  What does that have to do with it, are you going to
say
sorry about the mui issue? Okay, so
those are the things like that,
urban legends that are told and
such, I'll tell you the opinion is that the
defense, for me, has taken it in a
very European direction, very such, I know that if he
gets the death penalty if they appeal it, I'll
tell them that they're going to waste time and more
money, I mean, it's much better sometimes to
admit that you've lost because there's no
way to win and you've done it and
try to start the process, damn it, and for what
you've done, I understand, I understand that you
want to fight the highest, well, the
lowest sentence possible,
1000 for Dani Alvz, it seems to me that what
the Rieta family is asking for is not enough, it's true that
Dani Alvz's case is true, but of course you know
why Dani Alv's case is 150,000, which I
also think he already paid
because it depends on what he
has, we're talking about 150,000, eh,
for a Dani Alvz, which is what he is, it's
like if I give you 20
bucks, do you
understand me?  150,000 for Dani Alvez who is
a person who has earned
millions a year, of course, it's
like, of course, it's like, if I give you
20 then it depends on, of course,
what you can compensate,
also, so that
he returns to Spain in a few years and
serves the rest of his sentence there or
whatever he has to do, I would do that
personally, I mean, I would personally
do that, but of course, I'm me and I'm
not involved there right now, you
understand, it doesn't concern me at all, but my
advice, just like again, the
advice is, come on, whatever comes with, come on,
whatever comes with, the
verdict, start the procedures
to compensate for that
damage and the procedures to commute those
sentences, whether it's the death penalty to life
imprisonment, whether it's life imprisonment in 50 years
or 30 years and continue with pardons, not the
better the behavior, the better he behaves, how about there's
a video, there's a live one
on the Trium Channel where they did an
interview with Tuyupa and she explains very
well, she explains quite a few very well
quite a few of those
things Okay so it's important that we
understand reality
no the televisions obviously have to put on a
show and many times they don't
understand the things that are happening nor do they
understand what Thailand is like nor do they
understand the processes here okay And
above all they are not able to realize
that as much as they
want to understand uh how it works you have to
live here you have to experience it yourself
to realize that it has
nothing to do with Europe okay And in Europe there
are many rights and in Europe there are
many many benefits that do not
exist here okay
then That is my opinion on
what has happened during the trial
uh about what I think is going to happen with
the sentence that will be at the end of
August uh about what has happened with
how all these people have behaved
how they have How they have
[Music]
uh in many ways I already told you how they have ignored
uh
or they have
boasted from the televisions believing
that it is not seen here and here there is a team
of people who are seeing everything that
is being said about the police about
this about that and they have not  liked
obviously that's why a press conference was held by
the police that wasn't a
random thing It was a well thought out thing
to give a message and to say people
stop talking badly about the police
because because at the end of the day I
say one thing
eh I already told you I have no empathy for
this kid but this kid or this
man sorry because he's a guy of 30
years old 29 or 30 is going to be in a
Thai prison under
Thai rules and he's going to belong to
Thailand as long as he's a prisoner he's going to be
a prisoner of Thailand so
while some insult the police and
others insult one thing others insult the
other
eh I'm seeing something that someone
sent me of my mother Hey people I'm going to
leave it here that Fran is basically
finishing and my kids are also waiting for me
at the salseria I
can see that there are almost 4000 people around here
that aren't separating themselves if you
feel like it okay those of you who want
more things then come running
because it will take 2 minutes I'm going to  put on
some music for them to come
in and I'm going over there okay you have to
put on the yellow pepper for the
36 month members there are people here who have been
members for 36 months Ugh we are getting
very old
eh we are getting very old
mother of God let's go to the salsería let's go
to the salsería don't touch anything don't touch anything don't
touch anything okay You don't have to press
anything you don't have to press any
buttons okay Don't touch anything because
automatically you'll fall into
the salsería live okay
the salsería live So I'll see you
there Let's go let's go family and also I
have to tell you something there
very loud very loud
let's go over there